Internal federation api docs (#16140)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/signingcertificateupdatestatus.md

---
title: "signingCertificateUpdateStatus resource type"
description: "Provides status of the last update of the signing certificate."
author: "akgoel23"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# signingCertificateUpdateStatus resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Provides status and timestamp of the last update of the signing certificate. 

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|certificateUpdateResult|String|Status of the last certificate update. Read-only. For a list of statuses, see [certificateUpdateResult status](#certificateupdateresult-status).|
|lastRunDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Date and time in ISO 8601 format and in UTC time when the certificate was last updated. Read-only. |

### certificateUpdateResult status
| Value | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> |  |  |

Reviewer: You're missing some data here. The suggestion from the previous review was for you to document all the possible statuses of **certificateUpdateResult** except `unknownFutureValue`. Just the value and description required. I see in the API.md there are ~15 possible statuses.

---
title: "signingCertificateUpdateStatus resource type"
description: "Provides status of the last update of the signing certificate."
author: "akgoel23"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# signingCertificateUpdateStatus resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Provides status and timestamp of the last update of the signing certificate. 

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|certificateUpdateResult|String|Status of the last certificate update. Read-only. For a list of statuses, see [certificateUpdateResult status](#certificateupdateresult-status).|
|lastRunDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Date and time in ISO 8601 format and in UTC time when the certificate was last updated. Read-only. |

### certificateUpdateResult status
| Value | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> |success|The attempt was successful.|
> |unknownError|Do not know the reason for failure.|
> |internalServerError|Something went wrong on our side.|
> |noValidExistingCertFound|No valid existing signing certificate was found.|
> |noStsAuthUrlFound|No STS Auth Url was found.|
> |noFederationProtocolFound|No federation protocol was found.|
> |noNewCertificateFound|No new certificate was found.|
> |couldNotAccessRemoteHost|Could not reach the provider to get the new certificates.|
> |connectionError|There was a connection error|
> |xmlParsingError|Failed to parse the XML|
> |badRequest|Received BadRequest error from the fed metadata request.|
> |unauthorized|Received Unauthorized error from the fed metadata request.|
> |forbidden|Received Forbidden error from the fed metadata request.|
> |notFound|Received NotFound error from the fed metadata request.|
> |providerError|Received InternalServerError from the provider.|

Reviewer: Suggestions for minor updates
```suggestion
|success|The certificate update operation was successful.|
|unknownError|The reason for failure is undefined.|
|internalServerError|There was an internal server error while processing the request.|
|noValidExistingCertFound|No valid existing signing certificate was found.|
|noStsAuthUrlFound|No STS authentication URL was found.|
|noFederationProtocolFound|The federation protocol was undefined.|
|noNewCertificateFound|No new certificate was found.|
|couldNotAccessRemoteHost|Could not reach the provider to get the new certificates.|
|connectionError|There was a connection error, for example, a connection time out.|
|xmlParsingError|Failed to parse the XML.|
|badRequest|Received a `400 BadRequest` error code in the fed metadata request.|
|unauthorized|Received `401 Unauthorized` error code in the fed metadata request.|
|forbidden|Received `403 Forbidden` error code in the fed metadata request.|
|notFound|Received `404 NotFound` error code in the fed metadata request.|
|providerError|Received a `500 InternalServerError` error code from the provider.|
```
